#summary Instructions for building CFLite for PureFoundation from scratch

= Introduction =

If you just want to try out PureFoundation you'll probably be better off using the pre-compiled binaries available from the [http://code.google.com/p/purefoundation/downloads/list downloads page]. Otherwise, read on.

== Building CFLite ==

CFLite is built using the `darwinbuild` script and environment, available from [http://darwinbuild.macosforge.org/ MacOSForge]. It is always a good idea to be running the latest version pulled from svn, since new bug-fixes and enhancements are frequently added.

You should also be building using the [http://www.puredarwin.org/developers/darwinbuild/patchfiles PureDarwin patches], since these add common fixes which PureFoundation relies upon.

For the rest of this discussion we will assume that your `darwinbuild` path is `/Volumes/dbuf/9G55`. It doesn't matter if it isn't. The patch has been tested with 9F33 and 9G55.

=== Updating the PureDarwin patches ===

At the time of writing, it's necessary to update the patch file automatically downloaded from the PureDarwin project. When this is changed, these instructions will be removed. Until then...

  # Run `darwinbuild CF` once, to ensure that the patch files are downloaded.
  # Download the file "`CF-476.15.CFBundle_Resources.p1.patch`" from the [http://code.google.com/p/purefoundation/downloads/list downloads page].
  # Copy the downloaded patch into the Sources directory, over-writing the PureDarwin patch of the same name.
{{{
cp ~/Downloads/http://code.google.com/p/purefoundation/downloads/list /Volumes/dbufs/9G55/Source/
}}}

The updated patch will now be applied each time you build CF.

=== Building the patched CFLite ===

  # Change into the Source directory and un-tar the CFLite source tarball.
{{{
cd Sources/
tar xfvz CF-476.17.tar.gz
}}}
  # Download the latest PureFoundation patch from the [http://code.google.com/p/purefoundation/downloads/list downloads page]. (At the time of writing this was "`CF-476.15.pf6.patch`".) (Don't worry about the different CFLite version numbers - the source doesn't change that much between releases.)
  # Change into the CFLite source directory and apply the patch.
{{{
cd CF-476.17/
patch -p1 -r . < ~/Downloads/CF-476.15.pf6.patch
}}}
  # Change back to the main `darwinbuild` directory and build CFLite.
{{{
cd ../..
darwinbuild CF
}}}

`darwinbuild` will apply the PureDarwin patches to the patched source code.
